September is the peak of the whale season
is a chance for the
researchers will know the recovery of
the house almost led to the
extinction
helicopter it flew over a
distance of 3 thousand and 400 km between punta
from east in uruguay to macaé littoral
north of rio de janeiro
the largest was the monitoring of
whales already made in the world only from above is
possible to identify the pullets
the warts on the head are like
fingerprints so every animal
Uruguayan was photographed
the researchers counted 32 whales
adult males and females what makes the
the neighboring country an area of
species mating on the Grand River of
48 whales were spotted over the
true females accompanied by puppies
the overflight confirmed the preference of
whales franca by the coast of Santa Catarina
of warmer waters cut out of bays
is the species nursery says
biologists with 117 whales
the vast majority of areas of mother and cub
a phenomenon intrigues researchers 50
whales 60% of all that were sighted
were concentrated in this flight.
short seven-mile stretch of
cove of debt that was that holy
Catherine
we suspect that the cast of the fund
of the sea that eliminates that era and movement
of the chains creates a favorable environment
the permanence of polenta here with its
puppies in after each list
the spectacle of a plan of more than 100
dolphin on the paulista coast
the registration of two bryde whales but
to the disappointment of the researchers in a
franca was seen at paraná são paulo and
rio de janeiro
in the past the species is found until the
Bahia coast
we are a joy with species support
which not only continues to recover with the
appearance of many puppies
but in southeastern Brazil still had a
example of whales, which makes the
We have to work hard for the
species is actually considered to be strong
[Music]